Hmph, you're really addicted to pretending
Think of yourself as the king of heaven, right?
I hope you're still so arrogant later
Ouch my little liver
You scared me to death!
You are better than Xu Shao
You are the stinky water in the gutter
You should put it in the gutter
Don't stand here taking up space
You say you are not filial
We raised you for 20 years in vain
It's useless when it's critical
Okay, okay, cousin, you are really amazing
Don't forget me when you are rich
Feifei you
Even if you become Xu Hao's girlfriend
Don't be so crazy
My dignified young master can still say this
You stinky trash picker
Did you get kicked in the head by a donkey?
Go away go away
Don't stand here polluting the air
Nonsense if you dare to talk nonsense again
Believe it or not, I'll pick up your eyeballs as
If Lao Zhou doesn't come within a minute of breaking the money
I'll lend you an arm
Then get on your knees and get out
What if he comes?
If he comes
I will eat shit upside down and then get out
This is what you said.
Are you all listening?
I have to be a witness
waste
Today I will show you how to write the word death
It's not certain who will die.